Serenna Beers: Hi there.
Serenna Beers: Hi, how are you
Andy Keffer: I'm good.
Serenna Beers: I apologize that I'm late. I don't know if they
Serenna Beers: mentioned to you that I lost power, power in my house. I've had it off. Since 9am and they just turned it back on.
Serenna Beers: Oh yeah, I was wasn't very happy today. I've been sitting in a dark for like
Serenna Beers: Four hours.
Andy Keffer: Crazy. That's no good.
No.
Serenna Beers: So I appreciate your patience. I'm. It looks like all my gosh, your dog is so cute. What is your dog's name.
Andy Keffer: Strawberry milk.
Serenna Beers: That's her. That's her. That's her
Serenna Beers: Name.
Andy Keffer: Is his name strawberry milk.
Serenna Beers: Oh, his name strawberry milk, I have to ask, how did you come up with that name.
Andy Keffer: When he was born. He was the same colors strawberry milk. He was that real really milky pink color.
Andy Keffer: Is his hair is white, but it was really, really thin, you could see it when he was puppy or you could say.
Andy Keffer: Wow, my step daughter putting in a cup and he looked like a couple of strawberry milk.
Andy Keffer: Name.
Serenna Beers: That is so cool. All right, on Well hi there strawberry milk. Hi.
Serenna Beers: Hi there, strawberry milk.
Serenna Beers: Very cool. Well, have you ever done a bio psychosocial assessment.
Serenna Beers: Awful.
Andy Keffer: I don't think so.
Serenna Beers: Okay, well it's, I'm going to ask you some questions about yourself and really what that does is it just kind of gives me just a snapshot of who have Lou, you are why you came to to to to us and it's part of our
Serenna Beers: How we collect information, you know, not only for billing. But, you know, we have certain
Serenna Beers: Things we have to follow in order for to be compliant and part of that is making sure that we do a full, full on bio psychosocial assessment and I was going to see really quick, while I have you on the phone.
Serenna Beers: What they're asking, as far as a frequency for us to meet
Serenna Beers: And have you
Serenna Beers: Huh.
Andy Keffer: A doctor a our next week, once a month.
Andy Keffer: We go at depending on what
Sure.
Andy Keffer: But once a month, what is the requirement.
Serenna Beers: Okay. Yeah, I was just looking to see what it said on on your specific chart because we usually do twice a month depending on what your background is, but what I can do is, let me see. It doesn't say, why doesn't it say
Serenna Beers: Do you see any other type of their
Serenna Beers: Therapist on here. It says weekly
Andy Keffer: I used to
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Um, I'm wondering, have you ever had any hospitalizations at all.
Andy Keffer: Um, yeah, not, not for anything, middle, I was in the hospital for diabetes.
Andy Keffer: Ulcers on my LinkedIn went say when I went I went septic
Serenna Beers: Oh wow, that's a whoo, that is harsh.
Andy Keffer: Yeah, it was rough.
Serenna Beers: Oh bad
Serenna Beers: I'm just trying to figure out why this says once a week will now are you in stock. Dr. Ella tags pain. Pain group.
Andy Keffer: Oh, I don't know what your Bamiyan
Serenna Beers: Okay, so you attend a weekly group with other people. And I assume, and then you then she checks on you. And then she gives you your prescription and then you meet with the therapist, right. Yep. Okay. So, um, I'm going to, if you don't mind, just for right now because I need to
Serenna Beers: I need to reach out to Dr. Allah DAG and I need to reach out to my
Serenna Beers: Clinical Director. And the reason why is because they flagged you is me meeting with you, bi, weekly, and I don't know why that is, but at least I can
Serenna Beers: Depending on upon the kinds of things that you share with with with me you know we we we usually for anybody that's new with us. We start with twice a month and then the next month if everything's good. Then we go to once a month. I don't know if there's like
Andy Keffer: One that's fine with me. I don't
Andy Keffer: That okay yeah
Serenna Beers: Okay. All right, well then let's just start with tell me what brings you to bright heart health, and why now.
Andy Keffer: Well, I, I've been on Suboxone for
Andy Keffer: Almost two years almost three years.
Andy Keffer: Mm hmm. And I had a bad opiate habit.
Andy Keffer: I was taking six oxycodone 30 milligrams a day or at a time like 3456 times a day.
Andy Keffer: So I, I got pretty bad on them. And then I started boxing boxing work and it makes me feel normal. And they only have to take you know what their unprescribed and
Andy Keffer: I don't feel like
Andy Keffer: A waste of space anymore.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, that probably had to be pretty tough.
Serenna Beers: So you were taking 30 milligrams of oxy cotton or oxy coco, coco down
Andy Keffer: koto oxycodone, but I was taking 30 milligrams. I was taking six five or 630 30 milligram pills at a time.
Serenna Beers: Oh wow, believe it or not, I didn't even know that they made him up to that milligram, it's, it's been a long, long time since I've been involved in that lifestyle so
Serenna Beers: Yeah, I didn't even know that goodness gracious. So let me ask you, when you transitioned from them to Suboxone. How was that, how did you adjust with that mentally because that huh
Andy Keffer: It was easy.
Serenna Beers: That's great.
Andy Keffer: Wow, I stopped taking pills, one day and started doing Suboxone the next
Wow.
Serenna Beers: That's really cool you because I'm sure you've heard, you know, just being in groups and stuff, but just, you know, there are some folks that really the reason why it takes so long is because of that transition that what they call the induction phase.
Serenna Beers: It's really, really a struggle.
Serenna Beers: Wow.
Serenna Beers: Okay, so what about
Serenna Beers: Tell me your story with substances. Was it a did you get on the opiates for the chronic pain or was the opiates as a part of. Okay.
Andy Keffer: So,
Serenna Beers: Tell me about that.
Andy Keffer: I started taking a started like it in
Love.
Andy Keffer: I fell off a roof. When I was 19 and blamed one of my back on the concrete and it screwed up some disc in my back and then I've got to get her up this disease and
Andy Keffer: Arthritis in the middle of my spine and it causes me pain all the time. Well, it started out with Norco that of course with thorns through and I was on the
Andy Keffer: North Coast of North Dakota.
Andy Keffer: Percocet and then for Percocet, to the oxycodone
Andy Keffer: Tiger more phone and then I found that I was working to morphine.
Andy Keffer: And it will be the toxic code on an oxy cotton, they were giving me 20 milligram oxy cotton time release.
Andy Keffer: And then oxycodone two milligrams to for breakthrough and then it just went all the way up to the 30s and then they got to the point where another word.
Serenna Beers: Wow, okay.
Serenna Beers: So what was the precipitating event was, it wasn't the degenerative disc disease did something happened. Was there an accident or
Serenna Beers: Several never had.
Serenna Beers: You fell off a rope. Okay.
Andy Keffer: What Am I back on the concrete.
Serenna Beers: And how long ago was that
Andy Keffer: Oh, shoot.
Andy Keffer: 20 or 25 years ago.
Serenna Beers: Oh my goodness. So you've been living with Chronic Pain a long time. Yeah. Wow.
Serenna Beers: Um, have you ever had any other history of mental health or substance abuse treatment, other than us.
Andy Keffer: Know, well I was, it was that I was with a different doctor
Andy Keffer: For you guys
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Andy Keffer: But he passed away.
Serenna Beers: Oh, that I'm sorry to hear that. Was that why you had to find a different doctor. Okay.
Serenna Beers: What about any history of suicidal ideation or homicidal ideation.
Serenna Beers: Like, have you ever felt like you wanted to harm yourself and which, mind you, it's not, you know, if you say yes, I'm going to, like, read, read, report you. I mean, that would be pretty common for you to have felt that way.
Andy Keffer: While ago it was a while ago.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: But no current, current, current
Serenna Beers: Thoughts of wanting to harm yourself or another.
Serenna Beers: Per person. And those are like those questions that I really wish I didn't have to ask, but as a therapist. I mean, I really do need to ask because there's there's plenty of folks that do so we don't know.
Serenna Beers: If we don't ask. Tell me about what growing up was like for you specifically around. What was your family life. Like, were you adopted. Do you have brothers and sisters
Serenna Beers: For your mother.
Andy Keffer: Okay, well, my dad pathway.
Andy Keffer: Um, I'm also like my childhood was the normal childhood, yes and no. No, no, nothing out of the ordinary.
Serenna Beers: Pain. What about did you struggle or did. Did anybody else in your family struggle with either substances or mental health issues.
Andy Keffer: Not my immediate family. No, but my, my uncle uncle is an alcoholic. My other uncle, an alcoholic drug addict.
Andy Keffer: I grab hold of alcoholic.
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm. Okay, what about. Did anybody have any kind of mental health issues or anything like that.
Andy Keffer: No.
Serenna Beers: Okay, what, what about anything else. And this goes for you and or any fan, you know, close family members, but anything like gambling or food addiction or sex addiction anything like like that.
Andy Keffer: Oh,
Serenna Beers: Okay, I'm like my dad had a gambling addiction.
Okay.
Andy Keffer: It was pretty bad. She's been like $60,000 what's casino.
Serenna Beers: Whoa.
Serenna Beers: Wow.
Serenna Beers: bless her heart. Yeah. I would definitely think say I would I would venture to say that might constitute an issue. Little what
Serenna Beers: What about tell me what school was like for for
Serenna Beers: For you.
Serenna Beers: Specifically, did you graduate. Did you only go to a certain a certain grade. Did you go to college.
Andy Keffer: I made it to 12th grade. And then I dropped out.
Andy Keffer: Of
Andy Keffer: School is absolutely horrible I'm extremely smart, but I have ADHD. So I lose track focus on what I'm doing and and stuff, they were giving me to do in school was so easy.
Andy Keffer: Then I did want to do it. You know, I do three or four problems and show me. You know, I don't do this because I'm Deborah.
Andy Keffer: And they, they didn't seem to get the grasp that concept or whatever. And so school was horrible.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: Do you ever have any learning disabilities.
Andy Keffer: I've got a ADHD, of course, and then I'm dyslexic as well.
Andy Keffer: Okay, so you would get a school was extremely boring. And I just, I hated it.
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm. Okay.
Serenna Beers: What about. Let's see. Was there anything that stood out to you. Growing up, or was there any like significant events during the school time that that that kind of stands out.
Serenna Beers: Like when you think of your time as a as a child in school. Is there any specific memory or anything that just stands out.
Serenna Beers: Really, okay.
Serenna Beers: Um, what about. Have you ever served in the military. No. Okay. And do you have any financial or legal issues that you're concerned about at this, this time.
Andy Keffer: Everything's okay. The moment.
Serenna Beers: Okay, as okay as it all can be right.
Yeah.
Serenna Beers: What about. Are you in a relationship now and do you have kits.
Serenna Beers: Are you in a relationship now.
Serenna Beers: No. Okay. And do you have any kids.
Andy Keffer: Yes, I do.
Serenna Beers: Okay. And who do you live with.
Andy Keffer: I love myself.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: And let's see. I don't know if I missed anything. I don't think I missed anything
Andy Keffer: I remember seeing so
Okay.
Serenna Beers: What about give me like maybe, maybe even just two things that you feel would be helpful for you anything, any way that we can say Port, port you is, is there anything that you want to know anything you want to work.
Andy Keffer: On again trying to call me and I haven't
Serenna Beers: Got your
Serenna Beers: Rings. Okay. Is it town, tell me a couple of like goals that you want to get while working with with us, even if it's, you know,
Serenna Beers: I want to learn. Time management. I'm struggling with that and I'm just throwing in anything out there because we
Serenna Beers: In like
Andy Keffer: A good one because I do struggle with time management really bad.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Andy Keffer: I got you trying to disease.
Andy Keffer: You know, I'll be
Andy Keffer: Doing stuff over here like Lupo and I'm off over you're doing something else. But it's like oh crap. I was 20 years ago.
Serenna Beers: You give the new meaning to the word squirrel. Yeah.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Okay. So, time management. And what about. Is there anything else.
Andy Keffer: That I'm on a game that the ability to be able to cope with things without drugs without use drugs or
Andy Keffer: Situation.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: That translate to in my mind.
Serenna Beers: Being able to regulate your emotions are you one that tends to step at step it and then you blow up. Are you one that tends to explode.
Andy Keffer: Explode
Serenna Beers: Yeah, okay. You're an employer. You are my fellow man. You're my kind of guy. I understand that it took me years to become better at
Serenna Beers: When I feel it address it acknowledge it validate it and move past it. And I had to keep repeating it until it became like second nature. When I feel something, whether it's
Serenna Beers: sadness, anger I allow myself to feel it and I'm so used to stuffing it. And when you've stuffed it for 1617 years you have to relearn a new a whole new way to
Serenna Beers: To behave. And so I had to teach myself not being me by myself. But, but through the use of something like this when I was on the other side of the screen, I guess, for lack of better terms. When I was a patient going through much of the very same thing.
Serenna Beers: You know, I just couldn't figure out how to manage my emotions because I would step in and step and then become resentful when I blow up and look like the crazy one and I hated that about about myself, but
Serenna Beers: It is possible to change that. It really, really is.
Serenna Beers: Okay, so when I heard you say was, time management and then I heard you say
Serenna Beers: Maybe some emotion regulation of learning how not to really push things down, but to deal with them, you know, which we would call that what
Serenna Beers: Not distress tolerance.
Serenna Beers: I can't think of the word, but just effective way to communicate, you can communicate how you feel. In the moment versus to sit on it because that's not good for anybody.
Andy Keffer: I get mad.
Andy Keffer: And then once
Andy Keffer: Once I once I mad, that's over with, or, you know, talking to me. There ain't no nothing. Just my ass. I don't give a shit. I'm on
Andy Keffer: I'm on a roll and
Andy Keffer: That's just to get the hell out of the way.
Serenna Beers: Right.
Andy Keffer: I've been that way forever, but
Serenna Beers: Anger is just inside out, fear and it doesn't mean like a sissy fear. It means when we get mad or it's inside out her it's fear or hurt. It's usually those big trigger words.
Serenna Beers: You know, like when somebody hurts me it pisses me off, especially when I feel like I've been good to to them. Or if somebody, you know, I mean, it really is anger is our secondary emotion to deal with our first our first initial feeling, you know,
Serenna Beers: Okay, so what about. Let me see something here real quick.
Serenna Beers: And your dog is just so flippin strawberry milk is is just adorable just
Adorable.
Serenna Beers: She I would imagine she's probably good for you when, in case you do get mad, she would. I would imagine can be a pretty common, common
Andy Keffer: Course
Serenna Beers: Of rebellion. Yeah.
Andy Keffer: So everyone my blood sugar's low
Serenna Beers: Oh, that's so great.
Serenna Beers: Okay. Um, what about on the 19th at one o'clock.
Serenna Beers: And do you need to see 1pm. What is that, wait, we have to take that back because I have somebody in there. Can you do three o'clock. Yeah, okay.
Serenna Beers: Okay 3pm. And that is Andy. How do you say your last name kept kept her
Serenna Beers: Andy kefir. Okay.
Serenna Beers: And that'll be an individual follow up and I'm going to put down right next to my thing. The two things that we talked talked about for you the time management.
Serenna Beers: And
Serenna Beers: Emotion regulation.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: Do you have any questions for me at all. Do you have anything that you want to know any any, anything that you want to ask me.
Andy Keffer: Or no
Serenna Beers: Okay, I'm not sure if you're in the group with with myself, but I do. Dr. Allah tags pain group on Thursday and Friday evenings at four.
Serenna Beers: So, okay, well then, I will see you in group then Andy and then I also look forward to meeting with you on the 19th
Serenna Beers: Also, all right thank you so, so much.
Andy Keffer: You ever do. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Okay, bye. All right.